# Tour-Expense-Prediction-System
In this project, I aim to propose an Expense Prediction System for Singapore tourists based on several criteria like the length of stay, hotel preferences, number of companions, travel mode, shopping expenses, and so on, for those who wish to visit Singapore. This can help travelers make more informed decisions about how much to save and spend on their trips, and can also help them avoid overspending or under-spending. The system may also include features that allow users to customize their predictions based on their specific travel plans, such as the number of people in their group and the length of their stay. By providing accurate and personalized predictions, a Singapore tour expense prediction system can help travelers enjoy their trips to Singapore without worrying about unexpected costs. With the use of machine learning models in the domain of tourism, algorithms like SVM, Naive Bayesian, Linear Regression, Random Forest, Decision Tree, KNN, and SVR, are used to predict tourist expenses. The dataset contains 8887 rows and 48 columns, based on records from 2014-2015 of Indonesian tourists who visited Singapore.

A machine learning model was developed and deployed as a web application using Streamlit and Streamlit Cloud for the purpose of predicting travel expenses for a trip to Singapore. The model was trained using extreme gradient boosting regression and achieved good performance with an r2 score of 0.844999 and an RMSE of 0.421529. 


The link to the deployed app is here: https://singaporeexpenseprediction-tourismexpense-app-day8ki.streamlit.app/
